In the cards, the Lcodes are not in the same order for each card. 
    Change the LCode order. 
Otto Bock 3R15 picture is old. Need updated photo, preferably of knee only. 


Need to redo the navigator for the all items to be displayed. 8.24.22
            For example- I need to create a class that each item holding section (ie. mpkKneeSection) is called via one function, with general information being passed by clicking the associated button. This will greatly cut down on the amount of syntax that needs to be typed. 

Need to put all of the items- Liners, Feet, Knees, Components into a unique Javascript File. The final form will be to turn each card item into an array item, and a general framework can be created in order to create each unique card item on clicking of the associated button. 8.24.22

Need to consolidate CSS files into a unique one for each page, and a main page. 8.24.22
            TFSuction
            TFPin
            TTSuction
            TTPin
            VV
            Order Form
            Main Page

Need to redesign the header and footer to completely remove bootstrap from the website. 8.24.22
            Header
            Footer

Need to download all of the associated photos 8.24.22
            Liners
            Components
            Feet
            Knees
                MPK
                only a few others

Need to organize the feet into manageable pieces 8.24.22
            Step 1- Import Excel file into SQL (ask cole)
            Step 2- Parse out the associated data for each item into an array
            Step 3- Create function for card creator
            Step 4- Deploy function 



Confirm photos are correct 8.24.22

Remove all Bootstrap and replace the classes with self made classes 8.26.22

Create a slider from the cost vs reimbursement of all items displayed. The item will be "itemPercent" and will be a creation of item.cost / item.reimbursement. The slider will have gradients of color from green to yellow to red. (may need to change that color scheme.)